{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24280\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chinese Martial Arts dates back more than 2000 years before the coming of Christ.  Martial arts were practice as physical exercises and to defend one\'92s self against an enemy. The Chinese believed their country was the only civilized society in the world.  In order to stay civilized the people of China imposed the isolation policy. \
\
The Shang dynasty (1523 BC\'96102 BC) The first references to martial arts empty hands and weapons (Bronze Age).  This evidence stills exists in the Oracle of Bone and its many scripts. \
\
The Chou dynasty (1027\'96256 BC) era marks the Iron Age.  The classic Book of Odes (700 BC) states, \'93Without the Fist, there is no Bravery).\ul \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \ulc2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone The Introduction of Buddhism in China\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Buddhism was introduced into China from India, sometime during the Han dynasty (202 BC\'96220 AD) and rapidly spread throughout the country. The climate of India meant that solitary monks could live a life exposed to the elements.\
The collapse of the Han dynasty was accompanied by serious social strives. Buddhism continued to flourish during the Northern and Southern dynasty period (420 AD \'96 589 AD), and received support.  \
In 476 AD, Emperor Xiao Wen of the Northern Wei dynasty ordered more than 100 men and women into the Buddhist priesthood, and personally cut their hair and issued them their robes!  By 477 AD, the number of temples in the capital had increased to 100, with approximately 2,000 monks and nuns in attendance. There were further 6,478 Buddhist temples outside the capital, with 77,258 monks and nuns.\
Foreign Buddhists were welcomed, especially those from India where Buddhism had originated. One of these was the Indian monk Budhabhadra (\'93Ba Tuo\'94 in Chinese).  Budhabhadra lived from year 359 AD to 429 AD and is known for the contribution he made to Chinese Buddhism through his translation into Chinese of all 60 books of the Avatamsaka sutra.  Budhabhadra had studied Hinayanist teachings of perfect wisdom were in accord with the Chinese spirit.\ul \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \ulc2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Bodhidharma\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
Buddhism was well received by the native Tao religion and, at first, both Hinayana and Mahayana doctrines were practiced side by side \'96 sometimes in the same monastery. \
Bodhidharma was said to have come from southern India. His social status appears to have been that of the Brahman caste, and other legend claim that he was of royal blood. If any claim to his having taught martial art method is to be entertained, then a noble connection might explain it.\
Bodhidharma is regarded as the first Chinese patriarch of Ch\'92an Zen (seated meditation) Buddhism.  He was the twenty-eighth Indian patriarch, with an authority going back to Buddha via the lather\'92s disciple, Kasyapa. The details of Bodhidharma\'92s birth and death are unknown. Sketches always show him as a toothless old man with staring eyes, so it is at least possible that claims that he lived to be over 100 may not be too far from the truth. \
Legend further has it that he traveled on from Shaolin to avoid the attack on Buddhism by Emperor Wu Ti, and continued to teach Ch\'92an Zen (seated meditation) Buddhism in China. Bodhidhama realized that the long hours of meditation, studies, and work began to take its toll on the monks.  Bodhidharma initiative and introduced his disciples to the 18 (Hand of Lo-Han) movement exercise, based on techniques developed the Himalayas. \
Bodhidharma wrote six treatises in total. Three more famous classics, Sinew Change, Washing Marrow, and Rock Fist. History credits Bodhiharma as the creator of Shaolin martial arts. 
\f2\i  This is not true.  
\f0\i0 Chinese Martial Arts was already is existence\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Shaolin\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
In 574 AD Shaolin Temple suffered a reverse in its fortunes when Buddhism and Taoism was banned by royal decree of Emperor Wu Ti. The monastery was largely deserted and a handful of monks hid its relics and holy books until the next emperor, Ching Ti, rescinded the decree. The reopened monastery was named Chi hu, which meant, \'93Ascending the Hiss.\'94 It reverted to its original name around 682 AD\
Originally, the monastery stood alone but as of result of successive land grants from the Sui and T\'92ang emperors, it soon grew into a prosperous complex of newly built buildings and productive agricultural land. This made it a target for repeated attacks by outlaws, thus providing an impetus to arrange for its own protection. Despite this corps of warriors, the monastery was virtually razed to the ground during the latter part of the sixth century. \
Restoration began during the reign of 
\f3\i\b Li Yuan
\f0\i0\b0  (618 AD\'96627 AD).  The First of the Tang emperors and his beneficence established a close relationship between the temple and the state. \
One is of particular important for martial arts historians; this is the 
\f3\i\b \'93Tablet for Li Shi Min,\'94
\f0\i0\b0  dictated in 621 AD and erected in 728 AD.  The tablet is signed by 
\f3\i\b Li
\f1\i0  
\f0\b0 himself and attests to the fact that he received aid from the monks of Shaolin during his battle with the Wang Shi Shung
\f3\i\b .  Li Shi Min
\f0\i0\b0  was later to become the Second T\'92ang emperor Tai T\'92sung.\
Patronage continued through the reigns of successive T\'92ang rulers, many of who visited the temple. Accounts of their visits are still to be found in the inscriptions at Shaolin. Emperor 
\f3\i\b Li  T\'92sian
\f0\i0\b0  established the rank of what he called \'93Monks of Great Virtue.\'94 This was to be conferred upon 10 persons only in the event of a vacancy arising and a replacement had to be selected from amongst the other monks.\
Eventually, all this came to an end in the savage persecution of Buddhism under Emperor Wu\'92tsung in 845 AD a fanatical Taoist, determined to drive Buddhism from the shores of China, he began his persecution gradually in 844 A.D., with a tightening up of supervision over the operation of Buddhist monasteries. This was followed by the persecution proper, which closed smaller monasteries entirely and forced the younger monks to return to secular life. \
Holy images and books were destroyed and contemporary account records how there were plans for 4,600 monasteries to be destroyed and 260,000 monks secularized. A further 40,000 Buddhist temples and shrines were to be destroyed and all lands belonging to Buddhists were to be confiscated. Fortunately, the persecution was brought to a premature halt by Wu\'92tsung death the following year. His successor revoked the edicts and Buddhism was spared further persecution.\
Despite the pogrom\'92s short duration, it succeeded in hitting Shaolin rather badly. Its lands were confiscated, the monks were dispersed, and the unattended buildings soon fell into disrepair. The returning monks found it dilapidated and were unable to raise the necessary capital to have it restored. In fact they had to wait 30 years before the temple was finally restored to its former glory.\
Shaolin continued through both the Sung (960 AD\'961279 AD) and Chin (1115 AD\'961234 AD) dynasties, each of which has left its mark in terms of pavilions.\
The ensuing Yuan, Ming, and early Ch\'92ing dynasties all celebrated Shaolin as the home of Ch\'92ing Buddhism, though it suffered badly at the hands of the Mongols invaders and had to be extensively rebuilt. Shortly after this latest renovation, the monastery was all but gutted by a serious fire and, this time, restoration work was not completed until well into the Ming dynasty. Ming rule brought about a regulation of all Buddhist activity and required that head monks be appointed only through a royal decree. This regulation persisted into the Ch\'92ing dynasty and grants of money were periodically made for construction of new buildings and renovation of old ones. \
The most important of these a later project was in 1735 and included the building of a single large dormitory to bring the monks together. This had unfortunate local ecological effects in that the timber required was taken from a beautiful adjacent cypress grove, leaving it bare and treeless. It remains so to this present day.\
The end of the Ch\'92ing dynasty saw the temple on the decline once more. It was repeatedly attacked by bands of outlaws, and subject to the depredations of greedy local administrations. Within the monastery, too, things were on the decline. This showed itself in the breakdown of monastic discipline and ensuing disorder.\
The Shaolin Temple style was taught only to that worthy of receiving such knowledge and for many generations its secrets remained within the walls of the temple. During the 17th century when the Ching Dynasty conquered China, officials and supporters of the Overthrown Ming Dynasty sought refuge in the Shaolin Temple. They were plotting a revolution when the temple was invaded and destroyed by forces of the Ching Dynasty. It was during this period that a few monks escaped, and the secret Shaolin Temple arts were disclosed to the outside world.\
In 1928, the monastery was once again severely damaged by fire. Indeed, on this occasion, the fires burned so fiercely that they are claimed to have lasted 40 days. Fire completely destroyed three of the halls but fortunately left the temple proper and its murals unharmed. By now, the monastery was in a very poor state of repair. Its dilapidation increased during the Japanese occupation and it finally passed into the hands of the Chinese communists in 1949. The monks were treated as ordinary laborers and allowed to live off the land but their religious observances were frowned upon. Major restoration projects were financed by the central government in 1974 and 1979 and, comparatively recently, the monks have been allowed to continue with their devotions.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone Shaolin Temple Martial Arts\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
It is known that many criminals became monks \'96 indeed this became the ground for forcibly secularizing members of the community during the Great Persecution. Possibly some of the intake comprised ex-military men and these no doubt rendered good service when the monastery was under attack. They may well have provided a basis for instruction in the martial arts, to be built upon by those who came after.  From time to time, new skills would be brought in when foreign monks visited, or when other military men.\
\
Scarcely more credible is the legend concerning The Five Ancestors. These were five monks who remained alive after the temple was sacked, and each of them gave rise to a separate line of subsequent development.\
\
One account of martial arts practice at Shaolin claimed that young monks practiced the vigorous forms that we now refer to as \'93external.\'94 That is to say, using a great deal of obvious muscle power. This satisfied their physical exuberance. What then happened was that as they grew older, they are thought to have taken up the \'93internal\'94 arts. The hidden assumption here is that, somehow, the external arts were no more than an initial stage that culminated in mastery of the internal arts. This is not the case. What is more likely is that as muscles became weaker and less elastic, so training shifted towards the more gentle expressions of martial arts practice. The older man who has practiced martial arts all his life will have acquired economical ways of moving that make his practice look deceptively relaxed.\
Five Animals Boxing (based on the movements of the tiger, the bird, the deer, the monkey, and the bear) was developed from Hua Tuo\'92s body building program by the famous boxer, Bai Yu Feng. This, rather than the notion of The Five Ancestors, is thought to be the forerunner of modern-day systems of external Chinese martial arts. Bai was also responsible for originating 18 postures to be taken up in the sequence known as \'93Invigorating The Muscles.\'94 This is sometimes wrongly ascribed to Bodhidharma. The boxer Yu Fei subsequently refined this sequence into \'93The Eight Graceful Movements\'94 and these came to supplant the original as a basic exercise form for Shaolin monks. \
The staff became the symbol of Shaolin martial art though the monks also used the single sword, double swords, the \'93spring and autumn swords,\'94 the plum blossom swords, and the spear. Single and double sticks were also taught, the latter being known as \'93Bodhidharma\'92s walking sticks.\'94 Odd weapons such as the nine-section whip, single whip and bladed rings were also part of the armory. These weapons presented regular troops with a problem since they had been trained to deal only with orthodox military weapons. Unusual weapons therefore placed them at a considerable disadvantage. Life or death confrontations are the battlefield\'92s form of natural selection. Effective strategies mean the inventor lives to teach his techniques.\
The monks developed training forms based on successful combative effectiveness to teach proficiency in weapons usage. These forms consisted of a set number of movements to be performed in a certain order. Though these taught skill in weapons use, they also improved the level of endurance and built up the body in exactly the right way for martial arts practice.\
The prowess of the monks of Shaolin is well attested to but one wonders just how true is the claim that 13 or 14 monks defeated an entire rebel army. Even were the army to have been composed largely of cowardly rabble, it would still be difficult to swallow the account. More likely is the suggestion that the \'93army\'94 was no more than a particularly large armed band and the monks\'92 attack upon it took the form of guerrilla hit-and-run incursions rather than a pitched battle.\
Monks sometimes left Shaolin to go out into the world. Perhaps they would journey to other Ch\'92an masters for further study, or withdraw from the religious community to emulate Buddha. The latter route would be extremely arduous and called for sympathetic villagers prepared to extend a welcome along the traveler\'92s way. 
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 There is some evidence to suggest that monks trained in martial arts did not simply leave the temple, but were first tested. The method of testing is not now known, though it is suggested that they were obliged to demonstrate their ability against a row of 36 wooden dummies in what was called \'93The Wooden Figures Lane.\'94 They may also have had to spar with Shaolin masters and once again, the figures of 36 engagements appear in ancient accounts. There is, however, no evidence to suggest that the monks were obliged to lift a red-hot iron cauldron out of their path with just their forearms!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone A Pacifist Religion Produces an Effective Martial Art\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
It has been suggested that the monks were taught martial arts as a means of counterbalancing the long periods of inactivity spent in meditation. There is possibly a specialized justification for this. However, taking the suggestion at its face value, if a physical activity is to be taken up solely for improving one\'92s health, then why take up one, which is based upon tactics and techniques for killing and injuring other people? Why not the Chinese equivalents of volleyball or ping pong?\
\
The obvious answer to this is that throughout its long history, Shaolin has been subject to attack by armed bands and peasant uprisings, so if some physical activity is to be taken up, why shouldn\'92t it be something that could be used to protect the monastery?\
\
A more sophisticated reason might be the very nature of martial art itself. The Ch\'92an doctrine includes the belief that true enlightenment derives from a realization that nothing is permanent, that all is suffering. By letting go of all desires, wants and fears, the mind is left able to contemplate the true and illusory nature of reality. The most stringent test for this is whether one can let go of one\'92s desire for life; if one can fight to the death without anger or fear. Compare this picture with that of the person who is fearful, or overcome with anger. Such a person is not in full control of himself; he makes mistakes, which can be exploited. The object may then have been to help the monk towards enlightenment by training him to meet the ultimate challenge with complete equanimity.\
\
This brings us to the second question: that of how a pacifist religion like Buddhism could become associated with martial art. For did the Buddha not specifically warn monks against associating with the military and against taking another\'92s life? The picture is perhaps easier to see if we relate it to the \'93Thou shalt not kill\'94 commandment of the Jewish and Christian religions. Though these religions prohibit the taking of life, they nevertheless condone participation in a war that will ultimately benefit mankind \'96 a case of the teller versus the greater evil. So it is with Buddhism. Theoretically, the Buddhist may kill another, provided that to do so will save the person to be killed from the karmic consequences of his act. In practice, such a dispensation is allowed only for those who have reached the stage of becoming bodhisattvas. However, lesser mortals may yet kill to protect the Buddhist community and it is upon this \'93self defense\'94 basis that Shaolin monks took part in warfare.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone The Legend\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \
Shaolin was successful both in its military campaigns and in the high profile way in which it helped potential benefactors. Secondly, Shaolin was often a rich temple, a prime target for the oppressed poor and robber bands. In times of civil unrest and weak authority, a skilled militia furnishes invaluable protection.  }