{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23420\viewh10300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
History of Lung Chua Kung Fu\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 The development of
\f2\i  the
\f3\b  Li Family\'92s Martial Art
\f2\b0  (Lung Chua - Dragon Claw) 
\f0\i0 has become what they are today only through many centuries of study and passing down their skills and philosophies from generation to generation. 
\f1\b \

\f3\i Grandmaster Li Nung-Ti
\f0\i0\b0  (1796-1870), from Ta Ku China. He studied the 
\f2\i Li
\f0\i0  family style called 
\f2\i Lung Chua
\f0\i0  
\f2\i (Dragon Claw)
\f0\i0 , the Shaolin styles of  Ng Yin Ga, and Five Formed Fist (Tung Wu Ch'uan Fa); they were designed after the five animals; the Tiger, Leopard, Crane, Snake, and the Dragon.\

\f2\i Grandmaster Li Nung-Ti
\f0\i0  had two disciples, they were; his brother 
\f3\i\b Master Li Tan-Foy
\f0\i0\b0  (1806-1875), and 
\f3\i\b Master Ling Chang-Wu
\f0\i0\b0  (1831-1901).\
There is little known about Master Li Tan-Foy except that he was taught Lung Chua Kung Fu by his brother. It is said that he had a hand in training Master Ling Chang-Wu because he was the elder disciple of Grandmaster Li Nung-Ti.\
Ling Chang-Wu was Grandmaster Li Nung-Ti and Master Li Tan-Foy's nephew, and was an important part in the development of Lung Chua. In 1896, he moved his family to Canton, because he wanted them to be relatively safe from the turmoil of the Boxers Rebellion. Knowing the boxers had very little chance of winning against the foreigners, his love for China made him return to the Society of the Fist of Righteous Harmony.\
During the Boxers Rebellion he lost his right hand, but his ability and his techniques with his left hand were so fierce the boxers called him Ti Sha Shou (Left Hand of the Devil). He was killed in 1901, near Peking (Beijing). \
Grandmaster Ling Chang-Wu managed to perpetuate the art of Lung Chua Kung Fu by teaching his only son, 
\f3\i\b Ling Kat-Klung
\f1\i0  (1876-1969)
\f0\b0 .
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 Grandmaster Ling Kat-Klung practiced Lung Chua Kung Fu every day of the week, seven hours a day, constantly improving on his father's teachings, and the Lung Chua principles. While in Canton he sought out other martial artists who were also practicing in secrecy, because of the revolutionary state of China.\
After his father's death, Grandmaster Ling came to the United States to start a new life. He lived with a cousin in California for a year, and then moved to New Orleans, Louisiana. He had two sons to whom he taught the art of Lung Chua Kung Fu. 
\f3\i\b Robert Kuan Ling
\f1\i0  
\f0\b0 (1920-1961), and 
\f3\i\b Norman John Pedelahore
\f0\i0\b0  (1945- ).\
Master Robert Kuan Ling and his wife were tragically killed in 1961, in an automobile accident. They had two children, 
\f3\i\b Charles Robert Ling
\f0\i0\b0  (1945- ), and 
\f3\i\b Cindy Lie - Ling
\f1\i0  
\f0\b0 (1947- ).\
Charles and Cindy Ling studied the family art of Lung Chua Kung Fu in the same classical manner as the generations before them. Charles was the link that would cause the art to be passed on to a person not of Asian descent.\
Norman John Pedelahore was born in New Orleans, Louisiana on 8/7/45. His close friend Charles Ling introduced him to Grandmaster Ling Kat-Klung when he was seven years old. Because he wanted to test his grandson's ability, Grandmaster Ling allowed the outsider to study the family art of Lung Chua, not knowing at the time that one day the student he called New Boy, would become a son and carry on his precious family art.
\f1\b \ul \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \ulnone Before his formal training was started he was tested month after month for a year, to see if he had the necessary loyalty to the Ling family. Norman J. Pedelahore studied directly under the supervision of Grandmaster Ling for ten years, learning the techniques and principles of the family art.  In 1959
\f1\b ,
\f0\b0  he was adopted into the family by the Pai Shi Tea Ceremony and became Grandmaster Ling Kat-Klung's second son. In 1962, his family moved to Slidell, Louisiana, city about thirty miles north of New Orleans, Louisiana.  Because of his health, in 1965, Grandmaster Ling retired from teaching and named Norman John Pedelahore his successor to the art of Lung Chua Kung Fu. The responsibility of teaching and perpetuating Lung Chua\'92s values and principles were now placed squarely on his shoulders.  In 1966, Grandmaster Pedelahore allowed the style to be taught to the public for the first time. He opened his first school of Lung Chua, and called it Kat Do Kung Fu Academy. The word Do means the way of, and Kat was the first name of Grandmaster Ling Kat-Klung. Later schools opened under the name of Lung Shou Pai Kung Fu Academy.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Grandmaster Pedelahore was recognized in 1973, by the former President of the United States of America - Richard M. Nixon, for his willingness to share his knowledge of the Martial Arts. \
In 1974, Black Belt, the worlds leading magazine of self-defense, published a seven-page feature article about Grandmaster Pedelahore. The article was called, "He Dares To Be Different", and was based on the Grandmasters teaching methods and the philosophies of Lung Chua Kung Fu. This method was a direct results of Grandmaster Ling's personal philosophy that. \'93A person should not gauge his achievements with that of his peers, because everyone's inherent qualities may not show themselves in the same way, but may be as strong.\'94\
In 1984, he was selected for inclusion in Who's Who In American Martial Arts. Grandmaster Pedelahore was selected from over forty thousand martial artists contacted by the Who's Who staff. According to the Managing Editor, Grandmaster Pedelahore was chosen "in recognition of his contributions and dedication to the martial arts".\
}